let's call the some s let's say that
this is equal to the sum from k is equal
to 1 to n of K which is equal to just
like we said 1 plus 2 Plus 3 and we'll
just keep adding them you know dot dot
dot to a bunch of numbers to big n minus
1 plus begin right fair enough
now bear with me a second I'm just going
to write that same exact sum again but
I'm just going to write it in reverse
order and I think it's it's it's
intuitive to you that it doesn't matter
what order I add up numbers in they'll
add up to the same number but 2 plus 1
is the same thing as 1 plus 2 right so
let me write this exact same sum but
I'll write it in reverse order so that's
the same thing as n plus and minus 1
plus and minus 2 plus and the pluses
keep going plus 2 plus 1 this is the
exact same some just in their first
order and I did that for a reason
because now I'm going to add both sides
of this equation I'm going to take the S
Plus s well that's just 2 s and that's
going to equal this sum Plus this sum
and this is I'm so that the sum becomes
clean and why do I say that well let's
add up corresponding terms we could have
added up any terms but since they all
have to add up let's just add the 1 plus
the end and we'll have the 2 plus the 2
plus the n minus 1 then 1/3 plus the N
minus 2 and so forth and I think you'll
see in a second or maybe you already
realize why I'm doing this why 1 plus
the N the two plus the N minus 1 the 3
and the N minus 2 all the way the N
minus 1 and the 2 the N and the 1 well
is what's one plus n well that's just n
plus 1 right what's 2 plus n minus 1
well that's also n plus 1 right what's 3
plus n minus 2 I think you could guess n
minus 1 and we just keep doing that and
what's n minus 2 plus 2 so this is a
plus n plus 1
and what's n plus one well that's just n
plus one of fours so my question to you
is how many of these n plus ones are
there well there n of them right each n
plus one corresponds to each of these
terms so there